config ARCH
	string
	option env="ARCH"

config KERNELVERSION
	string
	option env="KERNELVERSION"

menu "General setup"
config LOCALVERSION
	string "Local version - append to kernel release"
	default "-default"
	---help---
	  Append an extra string to the end of your kernel version.
	  This will show up when you type uname, for example.
	  The string you set here will be appended after the contents of
	  any files with a filename matching localversion* in your
	  object and source tree, in that order.  Your total string can
	  be a maximum of 64 characters.

config OPTIMIZE_FOR_SIZE
	bool "Optimize for size (Look out for broken compilers!)"
	default n
	---help---
	  Enabling this option will pass "-Os" instead of "-O2" to gcc
	  resulting in a smaller code.

	  WARNING: some versions of gcc may generate incorrect code with this
	  option. If problems are observed, a gcc upgrade may be needed.

config FRAME_POINTER
	bool "Compile with frame pointers"
	default n
	---help---
	  Enabling this will compile code with frame pointers (larger and slower code).

config NULL_DEREFER
	bool "Null pointer dereferencing"
	default y
	---help---
	  Enable null pointer dereferencing (*NULL) in user-space code.

	  NOTE: This hack is neccessary because of legacy code which does null
	        pointer dereferencing an expects that *NULL==0. Should be removed
	        since it makes at least debugging more difficult.
	        Note that this option works only for separate I&D linkage type (for
	        servers or drivers). Null dereferncing in case of common I&D linkage
	        type can result in unpredictable behaviour.

config NR_PROCS
	int "Number of slots in the table for non-kernel processes"
	default 100
	---help---
	  Specify the number of slots in the table for non-kernel processes. User
	  processes share the same properties and count for one.

config NR_SYS_PROCS
	int "Number of slots in the table with special privileges"
	default 32
	---help---
	  Specify the number of slots in the table for non-kernel processes with
	  special privileges.

config NR_CTRLRS
	int "Number of controller tasks (/dev/cN device classes)"
	default 2
	---help---
	  Number of controller tasks (/dev/cN device classes).
endmenu
